Added Sysbench and OpenLDAP files (#364)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/sysbench.md

---
name: Sysbench
category: Miscellaneous
description: Sysbench is a benchmarking tool for evaluating system performance, including databases, CPU, memory, and I/O operations.
download_url: https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 1.0.0
    release_date: 2017/02/04
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://learn.arm.com/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/mysql_benchmark/setup_sysbench/
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://github.com/akopytov/sysbench#:~:text=in%20your%20script.-,Installing%20from%20Binary%20Packages,-Linux
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Release notes for Linux/Arm64 is not avialable. v1.0.0 is the first released version and has been successfully installed on the Neoverse N1.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. The initial rolled out version, i.e. 1.0.0, has been successfully installed on the Neoverse N1.
```
